hi i'm laura from
youngwritersworkshops.com and i'm going
to talk about how to submit a children's
book to Random House Publishing
unfortunately Random House Publishing
and actually there are some other large
publishers do not that do not accept
unsolicited manuscripts so you really
cannot submit a manuscript to that
particular publisher because they
expressly request that you do not submit
manuscripts they solicit manuscripts
from well-known authors they have a list
of or they have their own group of
authors who have worked with them over
time the publishing industry is very
competitive and actually that's a trend
more and more with the larger publishing
houses that they are not accepting
unsolicited manuscripts the good news is
there are small publishers out there who
are looking for children's manuscripts
and I highly recommend doing a lot of
research to find out who they are find
one that fits your particular style of
writing and what your manuscript where
where it might fit in one good way to do
that is to join the Society of
children's book writers and illustrators
this is a national group that has local
chapters so you could join your local
group and also be part of the national
group and attend workshops meetings and
seminars you also receive some a monthly
publication from Ghibli or Society for
children's book writers and illustrators
it'll give you a lot of resources about
the children's publishing business that
will help you to find the right
publisher there's also a book called the
children's writers market and it
includes resources about other
publishers who are looking for
manuscripts how to contact them with
what the guidelines are to submit your
work interviews with successful authors
and publishers and illustrators in this
big book the children's writers market
so don't be discouraged and you know if
that one publisher is crossed off your
list there's other publisher there
other publishers out there and there are
other opportunities so I recommend doing
your research and finding the publisher
that's right for you